Replan only if path becomes invalid (#256)
ros-planning/navigation.ros.org: behavior_trees/trees/nav_to_pose_and_replan_if_path_invalid.rst

.. _behavior_tree_nav_to_pose_and_replan_if_path_invalid:

> Navigate To Pose and Replan if Path Invalid

Reviewer: I'd add in "Only"

Author: Done

> ################

Reviewer: The `###` line needs to be the same length as the header its below (e.g. end at the `Invalid`'s `d`)

Author: Done

This behavior tree implements a significantly more mature version of the behavior tree on :ref:`behavior_trees`.
It navigates from a starting point to a single point goal in freespace.
It contains both use of custom recoveries in specific sub-contexts as well as a global recovery subtree for system-level failures.
It also provides the opportunity for users to retry tasks multiple times before returning a failed state.

The ``ComputePathToPose`` and ``FollowPath`` BT nodes both also specify their algorithms to utilize.
By convention we name these by the style of algorithms that they are (e.g. not ``DWB`` but rather ``FollowPath``) such that a behavior tree or application developer need not worry about the technical specifics. They just want to use a path following controller.

In this behavior tree, we attempt to retry the entire navigation task 6 times before returning to the caller that the task has failed.
This allows the navigation system ample opportunity to try to recovery from failure conditions or wait for transient issues to pass, such as crowding from people or a temporary sensor failure.

> In nominal execution, this will replan if the previous path is invalid and pass that path onto the controller.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In nominal execution, this will replan only if the previous path is invalid and pass a new path onto the controller.
```

Author: Done
